How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our Guidelines for Legal Requests.

If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.

If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.

Shopify Inc.
ATTN: Chief Privacy Officer
151 O’Connor Street
Ground floor,
Ottawa, ON K2P 2L8
Canada

   

If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:

Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland

   

If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:

Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896

United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on www.shopify.com (together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).

This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).

What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.

We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.

Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.

Categories of personal information collected	Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;

Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;

Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);

Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.

Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;

Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;

Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;

Other information you provide; and

Sensitive personal information, which may include:

Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;

Advertisers and marketing vendors;

Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;

Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;

Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.

Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.

Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:

You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.

If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.

When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.

Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:

Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit https://shop.app/delete-account for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.

If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.

Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.

Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.

For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.

How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.